README.md, before:

# pisilinux-welcome
A welcome application that meets the user on Live CD mode or after installation in Pisi GNU/Linux. It has been written with Python 3.x and PyQt 5.x.

# Installation and running
After downloading or cloning this repository, open a terminal in directory that this repository has been downloaded or cloned into and run that command for installation:

    sudo python3 setup.py install

After installation, you can run that in any directory:

    pisilinux-welcome

# Versioning
1.0 is final version currently.

# Artwork
Fatih Kaya (trlinux41 at gmail dot com)

Facebook, Twitter and Google+ icons designed by Freepik (http://www.freepik.com/) from Flaticon. (**License:** [Flaticon Basic License](http://file000.flaticon.com/downloads/license/license.pdf))

GitHub icon designed by Dave Gandy (http://fontawesome.io/) and altered by Fatih Kaya. (**License:** [CC 3.0 BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/))

Instagram icon designed by Pixel Buddha (nfo at pixelbuddha dot net) from Flaticon. (**License:** [Flaticon Basic License](http://file000.flaticon.com/downloads/license/license.pdf))

Slack icon designed by creatiVe5 (http://creative5.deviantart.com/). (**License:** Freeware non-commercial use)

# To do
See open issues (https://github.com/PisiLinuxNew/pisilinux-welcome/issues).

Commit message:

Old Wiki icon replaced by new one.

README.md, after:

# pisilinux-welcome
A welcome application that meets the user on Live CD mode or after installation in Pisi GNU/Linux. It has been written with Python 3.x and PyQt 5.x.

# Installation and running
After downloading or cloning this repository, open a terminal in directory that this repository has been downloaded or cloned into and run that command for installation:

    sudo python3 setup.py install

After installation, you can run that in any directory:

    pisilinux-welcome

# Versioning
1.0 is final version currently.

# Artwork
Fatih Kaya (trlinux41 at gmail dot com)

Facebook, Twitter and Google+ icons designed by Freepik (http://www.freepik.com/) from Flaticon. (**License:** [Flaticon Basic License](http://file000.flaticon.com/downloads/license/license.pdf))

GitHub icon designed by Dave Gandy (http://fontawesome.io/) and altered by Fatih Kaya. (**License:** [CC 3.0 BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/))

Instagram icon designed by Pixel Buddha (nfo at pixelbuddha dot net) from Flaticon. (**License:** [Flaticon Basic License](http://file000.flaticon.com/downloads/license/license.pdf))

Slack icon designed by creatiVe5 (http://creative5.deviantart.com/). (**License:** Freeware non-commercial use)

Wikipedia icon designed by SimpleIcon (http://simpleicon.com/) from Flaticon. (**License:** [CC 3.0 BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/))

# To do
See open issues (https://github.com/PisiLinuxNew/pisilinux-welcome/issues).
